Edits to DOCS-726 - Repos section for docs (#5865)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/repos/getting_started/with_web/get_your_token.mdx

description: How to get the token you need to download EDB software
---

## Tokens and EDB accounts

To download EDB software, you need a token. 
This token is a string that identifies you and your eligibility to download software from EDB. 

> If you have an account on EDB, you already have a token and can retrieve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an account on EDB, you already have a token and which you can retrieve from your account .
```

Reviewer 2: Your grammar has gone all wonky in this suggestion @djw-m, but I see the intent. Assertions like "you already have a token and can retrieve it" can be read as presumptuous/terse/dismissive.  We need to signpost that we're about to explain _how_ to do this. Perhaps "retrieve it _by following these steps_" or something.
